Genius or suicide?
Hello ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the right opinion
I hope you twat with too much free time and Trump sure does enjoy his Twitter charades
And today I decide to take it upon myself to look at some of these charades of recent because at this point they are just
unavoidable and I would not be doing my job as a critic of the bizarre and
Entertaining if I were not to cover them. Donald Trump is the 45th president of the United States
It has been a journey to his election and now after his election as we have noted a few times his very upfront
Audacious attitude can be a virtue to voters
It was certainly before the election and although I did not support him
I saw his victory coming a mile away
One of my problems with Donald Trump was that I just didn't think he had enough political
Experience to uproot the system that he claimed he wanted to now in a sense
It may have seemed like a better choice than going with Hillary Clinton
So he knew the system and clearly had no intent to uproot it many people who were scorned by the establishment
It seemed like a clear choice and I've spoken about my distaste of Hillary Clinton on multiple occasions
So we will not be going down that rabbit hole again part of Trump success
However did come from his rugged approach most importantly on social media where a wave of strongly targeted campaigns brought out results in certain
Demographics notoriously central to this social media drive was Donald Trump's Twitter, which was pure unfiltered. Mr
J Trump and would be used to gain more attention through his rather bullish statements that he made on the social media account rather than actual
Diplomatic problems it seemed to mostly work with the media focusing on trivial stuff that people didn't really think about a few
Breakthrough moments tore through Hillary Clinton's uninspired campaign and gave him the win with that said it was a tentative win
And although he won on state he didn't win the popular vote. So he's always been walking on thin ice
There were a few elections in 2017 and these were the ones that were gonna test his popularity
How did it go and how did he respond?
I mean he's kept up the whole persona since the last election and although that has worked on some levels particularly in
distraction politics at controversial points is also muted a lot of public response and left a lot of people rather ambivalent now incumbent presidents
Normally tend to perform worse on midterm elections and elections that are between them in
2017 we had a few elections and the Republicans did not have a great showing but as I said that isn't a huge surprise
But I did notice one thing afterwards Donald Trump has seemed to up the Twitter drama with some very diverse figures
The first is North Korean president Kim Jong-un of the head of state
Regarded to him as old Donald Trump took to his Twitter and when I read it
I just sat there grinning wondering what was going on. I mean you can read it for yourself
He pretty much deals a very passive-aggressive backhanded insults and says I could call him short and fat
But I won't which basically means you are calling him short and fat and then he suggests that they could be friends just amazing
I feel like Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump have this beef going which seems to be leading to a playground rap battle rather than all-out
Nuclear war I mean all they do is shout insults at each other in the most immature fashion
I trust there's a strategy behind it, but I'm not really sure at this point when Trump did the whole kafifi typo
I thought it was a very effective distraction technique
But it just keeps on happening and let us not forget the tale of Icarus who flew too close to the Sun
What I think epitomized this was his even more bizarre feud with LeVar Ball when Donald Trump intervened in the arrest of three basketball players
LeVar Ball the father of one of the players refused to thank Trump now
If you've watched the interviews with LeVar Ball, you'll realize he's not the sharpest knife in the drawer
This should have been a proverbial slam dunk for the president's back to Twitter
He went and off on another rant about how he should have left the players in jail and amusing as this is it really makes
me wonder what on earth is going on another golden moment was when he responded to an article made about him saying make America great again
In all big caps lock and at this point, I'm just done. Is it that time of year two points can be made from this
I feel that Trump is better at dealing with smart people than he is at dealing with stupid people and as bizarre as that sounds
I genuinely stick by it. I think that he could have very easily dealt with LeVar Ball
But for some reason he just felt it was more necessary to get down on this level and just throw the insults back
Maybe he's got a plan
but I don't know another point that can be made is that the aspects that are in part what propelled Trump to his
Presidency or also the ones that becoming the most notorious part of his term
I want to think it's some sort of elaborate flan, but I'm failing to see the bigger picture currently though
I would love to hear some theories about it part of Trump's rhetoric that drove his straight-talking persona was the fiercely anti-establishment approach
But now he's part of the establishment. Although he should hold on to his roots
He does need to act slightly within his powers and avoid the Twitter issue becoming people's main concern because if you look at the polls
When people are noting your Twitter as the most detracting aspect of you
There's something not quite right it worked before the election because people didn't really care about it
But if you make people care about the issue
Then they may side against it and that would be ill-advised indeed if one thing has been proven in this term so far
It's that you could have the most
Bombastic ideologically skewed president and still end up with very little difference than if you had a moderate present
It has demonstrated how immovable most of the DC swamp is and you really have to vote someone in with a balance of experience
And principle to achieve that but unfortunately, they're normally exclusive disjunctions. Anyway, I'd really love to hear people's thoughts on good old. Mr
Trump's Twitter has it worsened over the last couple months
I mean it wasn't great before but you know what I'm saying, or do you simply believe once again?
It is receiving more coverage. I love to hear your thoughts below until then
I'm the right opinion and I'll see you in the next one